Add Supabase plugin initial tables, docs. Closes #1 (#2)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-supabase: docs/index.md

select
  name,
  region,
  created_at,
  organization_id
from
  supabase_project;
```

```
+-----------+------------+---------------------------+----------------------+
| name      | region     | created_at                | organization_id      |
+-----------+------------+---------------------------+----------------------+
| Steampunk | us-east-1  | 2023-02-15T20:19:50+05:30 | zuluktedwinzftfztsub |
| Steampipe | ap-south-1 | 2023-02-13T21:29:46+05:30 | zuluktedwinzftfztsub |
+-----------+------------+---------------------------+----------------------+
```

## Documentation

- **[Table definitions & examples →](/plugins/turbot/supabase/tables)**

## Quick start

### Install

Download and install the latest Supabase plugin:

```bash
steampipe plugin install supabase
```

### Credentials

| Item        | Description                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | Credentials | All API requests require a Supabase [Personal token](https://app.supabase.com/account/tokens) to be included in the `Authorization` header.                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Credentials | All API requests require a Supabase [Access Token](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/api/introduction#authentication) to be included in the `Authorization` header.                                          |
```

---
organization: Turbot
category: ["saas"]
icon_url: "/images/plugins/turbot/supabase.svg"
brand_color: "#3ECF8E"
display_name: "Supabase"
short_name: "supabase"
description: "Steampipe plugin to query projects, functions, network restrictions, and more from your Supabase organization."
og_description: "Query Supabase with SQL! Open source CLI. No DB required."
og_image: "/images/plugins/turbot/supabase-social-graphic.png"
---

# Supabase + Steampipe

> is an open-source alternative to Firebase, which is a mobile and web application development platform. Supabase provides a suite of tools and services that help developers build applications with backend functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supabase is an open-source alternative to Firebase, which is a mobile and web application development platform. Supabase provides a suite of tools and services that help developers build applications with backend functionalities.
```
